-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.9 RELNOTES
o) Fix a crash bug only affecting solaris

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.8 RELNOTES
o) Fix a crash bug as noted in CVE-2009-4016.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.7 RELNOTES
o) Fix a bug causing temp dlines to crash ircd when they expire

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.6 RELNOTES
o) A bit like below but done properly so that SSL still works

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.5 RELNOTES
o) Fix a bug causing users connecting on the SSL port to never be disconnected
if they didn't do anything

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.4 RELNOTES
o) Support sending certificate chains in SSL handshakes
o) Fix a bug in the client notice that tells you your certificate fingerprint on connect

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.3 RELNOTES
o) Fix a core in temporary RESVs 

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.2 RELNOTES
o) Fix SVSNICK to not fail for flood reasons, also prevent opers from using it.
o) Fix a bug in shedding causing it to fail randomly.
o) Fix a long standing bug in wallops preventing local non oper users from
seeing them.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.1 RELNOTES
o) Fix bug causing KICK evasions when +S to not work.
o) Fix bug causing +T users to be able to be kicked.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.6.0 RELNOTES
o) Add ability to accept ssl client certifiates and store their fingerprints
	 against the client.
o) Add usermode +P for services clients only.  Not settable by users.
o) Add channel mode +z - op moderation. Ops will see any messages sent to
   moderated channels.
o) K-Lines are now enforced on realhost if applicable.
o) User shedding now starts from the back of the client list instead of the
   front so that users who just joined arent the first choice for shedding.
o) Remote and timed xlines fixes.
o) Various bug fixes.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.7 RELNOTES
o) Bugfix release to fix the class name display in the reject notice.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.6 RELNOTES
o) Make temporary lines get written into the conf files so they are permenant
but duration based
o) Various things to support this such as displaying expiration time in oper
reason in stats k
o) Fixed a bug in god mode when a channel TS was 0.
o) Fix chmode +S so that it actually works instead of doing the opposite.
o) Added class information to the reject notices.
o) Update smalldate() to give us a better datetime format

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.5 RELNOTES
o) Bugfix release

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.4 RELNOTES
o) Fix the +i WHO option, and add CIDR to it
o) Make cidr classes global so max_per_cidr is global
o) max_per_ip is now global too
o) Added a reject_message to the class{} block to allow configurable messages
o) Added stats n which dumps user counts in all areas(host, ip, cidr)
o) Added --with-services-name configure option
o) Reduced startup connect timer

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.3 RELNOTES
o) Actually fix the /names output bug instead of making it worse
o) UMode +S now times out after a configurable timeout
o) Fix a critical bug in the kqueue io handler

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.2 RELNOTES
o) Bugfix release to make stats E non admin-only and stats p not show remote
    non-admins

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.1 RELNOTES
o) Allow non chanops to view +q lists
o) Fix a bug in /names output
o) DNS server failure is now reported a little better
o) /stats p is now global and will show all opers on the network

-- oftc-hybrid 1.5.0 RELNOTES
o) UMode +G moved to +S to make way for hybrid +G
o) UMode +S removed
o) Shedding accepted new paramters
o) The various services shortcuts and SVSNICK are now from hybrid contrib
o) Code merged with hybrid 7.2.2 release
o) Added channel mode +q which prevents users matching that mask from speaking
    on a channel

-- oftc-hybrid 1.4.1 RELNOTES
o) Fix amd64 issues.
o) Fixed server max_connections
o) Other misc fixes.

-- oftc-hybrid 1.4.0 RELNOTES
o) Add Client SSL Support
o) Add user shedding
o) Add new channel modes:
o) +R - Cannot join channel unless regisitered with NickServ
o) +M - Cannot talk on channel unless registered with NickServ
o) +S - Cannot join channel unless using SSL

-- ircd-hybrid-7.3 RELNOTES
o) implemented GUNGLINE (global ungline)
o) updated PCRE lib to latest 7.9 release
o) completely rewrote build system. we're now using automake and libtool
o) added support for sha256/sha512 encrypted passwords to mkpasswd
o) added ssl_server_protocol configuration option to servinfo{}.
   valid flags are 'sslv3' and 'tlsv1'
o) Fixed occasional core when placing RESVs on channel names
o) Fixed topic desynchronization which sometimes may
   happen during netbursts
o) WATCH support implemented. Known from other irc-daemons, such
   as Dreamforge and Bahamut.
o) Fixed bug which would cause invalid invisible counts on oper-up in case
   operator::umodes and/or general::oper_umodes contains 'invisible'
o) Removed broken LazyLinks
o) Minor code optimizations and cleanups
o) ACCEPT now supports nick!user@host masks
o) Added new 'server' option to listener::flags. Listener with that flag
   set may only have server connections.

-- ircd-hybrid-7.2.3 RELNOTES
o) Added ircd-italian.lang language file
o) Added -full to etrace
o) Added +C for opers
o) Fixed core in temp channel resv
o) Fixed CHALLENGE to work with user=IP
o) Misc fixes to TESTMASK and TESTLINE
o) Added support for nick masks to TESTMASK
o) Fixed /modlist to show up whether or not a module is resident
o) Fixed command line arguments handling to allow more than one switch
o) Fixed numeric delivery for mixed TS5 target on the other side of a TS6 server.


-- ircd-hybrid-7.2.2 RELNOTES
o) Added channel::disable_fake_channels config directive
o) Fixed broken FORCEJOIN  (contrib)
o) Added missing documentation for connect::vhost
o) Fixed problem with G-Line voting
o) Fixed "STATS ?" so it doesn't report negative traffic statistics
o) Fixed core in m_mkpasswd.c  (contrib)
o) Reduced memory usage for channel members
o) Added general::stats_e_disabled which simply disables "STATS e"
   for other operators and administrators
o) Ignore signal SIGXFSZ to prevent the daemon from dying on missconfigured
   file size limits
o) Slight optimizations to the block allocator
o) Fixed harmless bug that could result in incorrect bytes sent statistics
   in "STATS t"
o) "STATS y|Y" now shows whether a class is active or disabled
o) Added ircd-brazilian_pt.lang language file
o) Misc. ACCEPT fixes. E.g. don't remove an accept record if a client is
   changing between equivalent nicknames like 'nick' and 'NiCk'.
o) Fixed core on MODRESTART


-- ircd-hybrid-7.2.1 RELNOTES
o) Fixed build on SRV4
o) Fixed problem where ircd would disconnect all SSL connections
o) Added initial CAP support.  Additional documentation can be found
   in doc/technical
o) Speeded up command parsing
o) Fixed occasional core dump on UN*LINE
o) Fixed bug where particular clients would always receive
   "Load is temporarily too heavy" message
o) Improved memory consumption, i.e. memory consumption has
   been reduced for remote clients
o) Fixed possible core in case default_cipher_preference directive isn't set
o) Fixed "CHANSERV INVITE" bug with anope services
o) Updated example configuration files to reflect new topicburst flags
   directive in connect{} blocks
o) Fixed core if using the operator::umodes directive
o) Don't allow shared k-lines to be set without a valid reason
o) Improved channel ban match processing.  This also fixes CIDR bans


-- ircd-hybrid-7.2.0 RELNOTES
o) Fixed broken operwall = yes;
o) Added 'umode' directive to oper{}.  List of modes to get on /OPER.
   This behaves exactly like H6's sixth O line field
o) Fixed a WHOIS bug
o) Fixed bug where we would increase Count.invisi even
   if general::invisible_on_connect is turned off
o) Removed invite_ops_only, controlled by paranoid (+p) now
o) Better DDoS protection
o) Fixed va_list bug on amd64
o) Fixed /dev/poll


-- ircd-hybrid-7.2rc1 RELNOTES
o) ircd can dynamically change all its client/fd limits at runtime
o) Added epoll as the primary I/O engine under Linux
o) Local channels will not show up in remote /WHOIS
o) Added hidden_name which allows customized hidden server names
o) Added restrict_channels to define a static channel set
o) Added --disable-gline-voting to disable G-Line votes
   for small networks or people who don't want it.
o) Allow accumulating more ip= entries in an exempt{} block
o) Various improvements and bugfixes
o) Make win32 build usable
o) Fixed ban caching bug
o) Cosmetical fixes to TIME
o) Get "KLINE nick" to work with clients that have a spoof
o) Fixed RESV/XLINE bug in conjunction with names that include escaped
   characters such as \*, \?, \#.

-- ircd-hybrid-7.2beta1 RELNOTES
o) Usermode +G, like +g, but allow messaging from people on common channels
o) Usermode +D - "deaf", don't receive channel messages
o) RXLINE and RKLINE - commands for setting perl compatible regular expression
   based K and X lines
o) Join flood is now detected and reported to +b opers
o) Re-added REJECT_HOLD - lock clients for a while before throwing away
o) ping_warning, a class{} option to notify opers before "Ping timeout"
o) New hooking system, modularized: usermodes, iauth, message filtering etc.
o) Network I/O speedups
o) Various cleanups and bugfixes
o) Support for client SSL
o) Support for services (contrib/m_services.c)
o) IP cloaking module (contrib/ip_cloaking.c)
o) Native win32 build
o) The password set in auth::password can now be encrypted
o) Introduced new listen::flags directive.  Currently available flags are
   'ssl' and 'hidden'.  Please read example.conf for further details

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BUGS: Major bugs in this release are listed in BUGS

BUG REPORTS: If you run this code and encounter problems, you must report
 the bug by EMAIL to bugs@ircd-hybrid.org
 Please include a gdb backtrace and a copy of your config.h and
 ircd.conf with any report (with passwords and other sensitive
 information masked).

DISCUSSION: There is a mailing list for discussion of hybrid issues,
 including betas.  To subscribe, use this link:
    https://lists.ircd-hybrid.org/mailman/listinfo/hybrid
 This is the proper place to discuss new features, bugs, etc.  Posting here
 is much more likely to get something done than ranting on #TZ.

Questions/comments directed to bugs@ircd-hybrid.org

Other files recommended for reading: BUGS, README.FIRST, INSTALL

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id$
