-- ircd-hybrid-7rc6 RELNOTES
o) fixed a nasty ban overflow which causes desyncs
o) allow '_' in hostnames
o) fixed linebuf leak
o) allow op/ban "cookies" (for now at least) i.e. mode * +o-b nick cookie
o) fixed bug in client exit
o) fixed invite bug with +pi channels
o) changed all instances of nick[user@host] to nick [user@host]
   this disambiguates completely, nick from user part, for tcm and scripts
o) fixed wrong numeric for KNOCKDISABLED
o) fixed servlink bug "char" is not always signed
o) fixed typo that caused leaking of hidden server IPs
o) fixed potential core in unkline
o) fixed k/d line parser file parsing, a ',' in k or d line reason
   will no longer cause the kline to disapear in a rehash or unkline

-- ircd-hybrid-7rc5 RELNOTES
o) Fixed null hostname bug in ipv6 
o) Fixed hook code so it won't re-hook
o) gdb 3.x compile fix
o) removed persistent channels (for now)
o) Fixed potential event core
o) oper_pass_resv added to ircd.conf
o) true no oper flood
o) removed RPL_WHOISADMIN
o) memory leak fix
o) server hiding fix
o) bug fix in mode changes
o) fixed compile time error in m_who.c
o) removed /rehash channels
o) fixed user@server.name notices
o) fixed ping bug
o) fixed challenge command to not core
o) ipv6 hostname can fallback to ip6.int
o) fixed USER bug whch ignored ident response

-- ircd-hybrid-7rc4 RELNOTES

o) Fixed core in gozems m_whois.c patch in contrib
o) Fixed minor bug in m_who.c
o) Fixed missing logging for oper, failed oper
o) Fixed null nickname bug
o) Fixed persistent channel possible desync
o) Separated stats g/G for pending vs. placed G lines
o) Do not send out gline request if server/oper locally has already voted
o) Sped up kline handling

-- ircd-hybrid-7rc3 RELNOTES

o) Fixed hostile code in m_oper
o) added gozems m_whois.c to contrib
o) fixed possible buffer overflow in bans
o) reworked hash_ip
o) fixed ipv6 K-lines


-- ircd-hybrid-7rc2 RELNOTES

o) RPL_ISUPPORT will now report the correct status of +eIha
o) convertilines wasnt adding a ';' to the end of auth blocks
o) convertconf fixes
o) local admins were able to see IPs in stats C when HIDE_SERVERS_IPS,
   spoofed ips were also being shown in contrib/ltrace, both fixed.
o) servers sending an invalid number of arguments to a command will now
   have their link terminated.
o) fixed the path in kill messages for bitchx
o) the user/server splitcode was inverted
o) fixes for CIDR ipv6 auth {};
o) when a user deopers if they have no matching auth {} they will just be
   left where they are now, not removed from the server.
o) floodcode fixes to cope with bitchx, raised some defaults.
o) bugfix so users cannot set bans such as !@ which couldnt be removed
   on hyb6, or klines/glines such as @foo
o) fixes to help work against desync behaviour with +eI
o) glines will now be triggered with the reason of the first request
o) desync fixes to allow +b-b of a non-existant ban and -b+b of an existing
   ban.  all ban modes will be allowed if they originate remotely.
o) incorrect uses of strlcpy() fixed and reviewed
o) fixes to stop annoying yacc complain about conflicts during compile

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the current release candidate version of ircd-hybrid-7.

NOTE: This is still BETA code.  Run it at your own risk.  By running this
 code you assume FULL responsibility for any problems it may cause.  We do
 NOT recommend that you run BETA code on production IRC networks such
 as EFnet.

BUGS: Major bugs in this release are listed in BUGS

BUG REPORTS: If you run this code and encounter problems, you must report
 the bug in one of the following ways:
  a) By EMAIL to ircd-hybrid@the-project.org.  
 Please include a gdb backtrace and a copy of your config.h and ircd.conf 
 with any report  (with passwords and other sensitive information masked).

DISCUSSION: There is a mailing list for discussion of hybrid issues,
 including betas.  To subscribe, send an email to listmanager@the-project.org
 with a single line in the body containing "subscribe hybrid". This is the
 proper place to discuss new features, bugs, etc.  Posting here is much more
 likely to get something done than ranting on #TZ.

TESTING: This code is under active development, and a lot changes from beta
 to beta.  As the user of this code, we request that you help us test things
 which have changed recently, and which would benefeit from being tested
 much as possible.  The following are some things that have changed, and what
 you can do to help us test them.
     o) Exiting Clients
        - The way clients are exited and cleaned from memory has been largely
          redone since the last release.  Unusual situations involving clients
          exiting will help expose any remaining problems.
     o) Mac OS X Modules
        - Support for Darwin and Mac OS X style modules, through the
          NSModule(3) interface has been added, and is designed to work as
          loadable modules do on most UNIX systems.  Feeding it bad or
          duplicate modules to find bugs would be appriciated.

				
Questions/comments directed to ircd-hybrid@the-project.org

Please read doc/whats-new.txt for information about what is in this release

Other files recommended for reading: BUGS, README.FIRST, INSTALL

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id$
